---
id: master_resume_2025
aliases:
  - master_resume_2025
tags: []
keywords: c, c++, developer, python, compiler, git, testing, algorithms, ai, ml, zig, web, rest, api, gpu, graphics, vulkan, opengl, parsers, interperters, vst, dsp, memory management, game engines, drivers
left-column:
  - "Email: christopher.r.odom@gmail.com"
  - "GitHub: [Codom](https://github.com/Codom)"
name: Christopher Odom
subheading: US Citizen, Boston MA
right-column:
  - "phone: 781-475-3804"
  - "website: [codom.github.io](https://codom.github.io)"
---

# Experience
## **Data Labeler for Software** | Present

Designed custom project scenarios and validated auto generated output from llms
in order to facilitate better AI model runs. Project scenarios included:

 - Catching race conditions and other subtle multithreading bugs in **C/C++**
 - Deployed **Dockerized Environments** to test autogenerated websites in
   **Javascript, HTML,** and **CSS**.
 - Validating Chain of Thought reasoning steps in **agentic harnesses** such
   as **claude code, gemini cli**, and other similar tools

## **Embedded Engineer at Stealth Startup** | 2024 - 2025
Lead R&D efforts and developed contract procurement portfolio

 - Created demo **Linux Drivers** using **C** for off the shelf sensors
 - Prototyped and built **real-time embedded applications** using
   the **Zephyr OS**
 - Developed a custom in-house **embedded linux** distribution using
   the **Yocto Project**
 - Contributed to the initial R&D and feasibility analysis
   for a next-generation real-time sensor fusion platform

## **Red Hat Internship** | Summer 2020
 - Designed RESTful API Upgrades to the Ceph Dashboard using **Typescript**,
   **Python** (via CherryPy), **HTML**, and **CSS**
 - Deployed and tested changes using **Docker** and **Podman**

## **Draper Internship** | 2018 - 2019
 - Engineered and implemented internal diagnostic tooling using **C, Python** and **VxWorks** for a custom platform as part of a rigorous **FAA Compliance CRS contract**.
 - Integrated hardware tests written in **PowerPC assembly** with **offline data collection** systems to facilitate rigorous testing and quality assurance protocols.

# Projects
## **Amp Simulator VST Plugin** | 2023
Repositories: [Codom/CLAP Tutorial](https://github.com/Codom/clap-tutorial) & [Codom/SimpleGuitarAmp](https://github.com/Codom/SimpleGuitarAmp)

Created an Amp Simulator VST plugin using the CLAP API, loadable in DAWs like Bitwig.

* Implemented a Biquad Transfer Function to accurately simulate the complex filters found in a typical Fender pre-amp.
* Features functional parameter knobs and digital distortion simulation.
* Abstracted c ABI into a more ergonomic trait system

## **liballoc (C Library)** | 2022
Repository: [Codom/liballoc](https://github.com/Codom/liballoc)

Designed and implemented a custom, robust **allocator interface** in a **single C header file**, loosely based on Zig’s allocator interface.

* Allows for **trivial dependency injection** of memory management behavior.
* Provides implementations for libc, a **custom arena allocator**, and a fixed linear allocator.
* Optionally integrates with **ASAN (AddressSanitizer)** by utilizing memory poisoning functions for superior debugging of use-after-free bugs.

## **Vulkan Tutorial Implementation** | 2021
Repository: [Codom/Vulkan-Tutorial](https://github.com/Codom/Vulkan-Tutorial)

Completed a C++ implementation of the official Vulkan-Tutorial to master modern graphics API concepts.

* Developed a high-level C++ wrapper around verbose Vulkan functions to manage render primitives and render passes more efficiently.

# Education
## **University of Massachusetts, Lowell** | 2017 - 2021
Coursework focused on Operating Systems, Compilers, Distributed Computing, and Cybersecurity.

* Key Member of the NeCCDC competitive team.
* Served as a lab technician for ECG (Engaging Computing Group).
* Contributed to the launch of a Red Hat embedded systems outreach course.

## **Framingham State University** | 2016 - 2017
* Introductory coursework in Computer Science
